docs: rewrote advanced guides for containerization (#2636)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/concepts/bento.rst

        bentoml containerize iris_classifier:latest --platform=linux/amd64

> Dockerfile Template (Beta)

Reviewer: Should we move this into an advanced guide?

Author: no.

""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The :code:`dockerfile_template` field gives user the full control over how the
> :code:`Dockerfile` was generated in a Bento. Users can extend the template used for
> generating Dockerfile in a Bento, to suits their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :code:`dockerfile_template` field gives the user full control over how the
:code:`Dockerfile` is generated for a Bento by extending the template used by
BentoML.
```

> First, create a :code:`Dockerfile.template` file next to your :code:`bentofile.yaml`
> build file. This file should follow the
> `Jinja2 <https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.1.x/>`_ template language, and extend
> BentoML's base template and blocks. The template should render a valid
> `Dockerfile https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/`_. For example:

Reviewer: Should we call it `Dockerfile.j2`?

Seems like it doesn't need to be saved alongside the `bentofile.yaml`?

```suggestion
First, create a `Jinja2 <https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.1.x/>`_ template for your Dockerfile.
This file can extend BentoML's base template and blocks. For example:
```

Author: the reason for L806 is that we want to enforce this practice to our users. Eventhough we accept the any path to templates, we should just mention to them that they should put it in the build context.

Reviewer: Ah, I see. We should just make it clear it's a recommendation, then; I can see use-cases where people want to have multiple bentos use the same dockerfile template.

.. code-block:: dockerfile

   {% extends bento_base_template %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_COMPONENTS %}
   {{ super() }}
   RUN echo "We are running this during bentoml containerize!"
   {% endblock %}

> Then add the path to the given template file to the :code:`dockerfile_template` field in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add the path to your template file to the :code:`dockerfile_template` field in
```

your :code: `bentofile.yaml`:

.. code:: yaml

    docker:
        dockerfile_template: "./Dockerfile.template"

> Now run :code:`bentoml build` to build a new Bento, it will contain a Dockerfile
> generated with the custom template. To confirm the generated Dockerfile work as
> expected, run :code:`bentoml containerize <bento>` to build a docker image with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now run :code:`bentoml build` to build a new Bento. It will contain a Dockerfile
generated with the custom template. To confirm the generated Dockerfile works as
expected, run :code:`bentoml containerize <bento>` to build a docker image with it.
```

.. dropdown:: View the generated Dockerfile content
    :icon: code

>     During development and debugging, you may want to see the generated Dockerfile
>     after a Bento is built. Here's shortcut for that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    During development and debugging, you may want to see the generated Dockerfile.
    Here's shortcut for that:
```

    .. code-block:: bash

>         cat $(bentoml get MY_BENTO_NAME:latest -o path)/env/docker/Dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        cat "$(bentoml get MY_BENTO_NAME:latest -o path)/env/docker/Dockerfile"
```

.. seealso::

>    :ref:`Bento Containerization <guides/containerization:Containerization>` to learn more about how BentoML containerize a Bento.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`Bento Containerization <guides/containerization:Containerization>`: more information about how BentoML containerizes a Bento.
```
